# IN DEVELOPMENT

# FBLA Project

This is my 2024-2025 FBLA project.

This was originally going to be written in NodeJS but I decided to switch over to Kotlin as it would be more of a challenge for me.

### Credits:
- [Ktor](https://github.com/ktorio/ktor) - Web Backend
- [Bootstrap Icons](https://icons.getbootstrap.com/) - Graphic Icons
- [Me](https://github.com/LeafDevs/) - The Hard Work and Labor

All Image Asset credits go to the creators of them there is to much of them for me to provide credit for each and every one.

### Features:
<details>
<summary>Job Postings</summary>

This website contains the ability for employers to upload a job posting when they are looking for employees.
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Student To Employer Chats</summary>

The ability to let students talk to and communicate between the employer with encrypted messages.
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Admin Backend</summary>

This aspect allows Administrators of the school to approve or deny postings and a way to verify employers.
Also contains a way to monitor the messages being sent from employer to student. (Violates Privacy but its Minors Messaging Adults)
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Student Dashboard</summary>

Allows students to view their applications, and set their preferences for jobs and get postings that fit their preferences.
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Employer Dashboard</summary>

Allows the Employer to view all their postings, the applications, and other employer related stuff such as onboarded students or hired students.
</details>

### Build from Source:

> `git clone https://github.com/LeafDevs/fbla-proj`
> <br>`./gradlew build`
> <br>`java -jar build/libs/Server-{version}.jar`


### Setup
To get this project setup and ready for your use start with installing the Server-{version}.jar file from the [releases](https://github.com/leafdevs/fbla-proj/releases) page

1. Install [MariaDB (MySQL)](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-getting-started/en/)<br>
   <br>
2. Create a new database within MariaDB call it whatever you would like. <br>
`mysql> CREATE DATABASE pets;`<br>
   <br>
3. Start the Java File it will generate all the files needed for setup.
   <br><br>
4. Enter into the config.yml within the data folder generated by the jar
   <br><br>
5. Replace the MariaDB username and password with your login information for MariaDB
   <br><br>
6. Finish any other configuration you may want then start the jar file again!




### This Project is protected under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (GNU AGPLv3)